---
description: Version 0.52 - Release Notes
---

# v0.52

### New Features and Improvements

* **Stability** - Improvements to automation stability. TestProject agent was enhanced to better support various browsers and mobile devices.
* **iOS Support** - iOS 12.3 is now officially supported.
* **Infrastructure Upgrades** - Upgraded Selenium and Appium to latest versions. Geco, Chrome & IE drivers were updated to versions 0.24, 2.46 & 3.14 respectively.
* **Multiple Test Operations** - Multi-selection is now supported when adding tests to a job. Select multiple tests and drag then into the desired job. Deleting/Moving several tests to a different folder is also supported. Use the "Shift" key to select groups of tests.
* **API** - Added support for [creating](https://docs.testproject.io/api/v2/#/Applications/Applications_CreateApplicationAsync) / [updating](https://docs.testproject.io/api/v2/#/Applications/Applications_UpdateApplicationAsync) applications using the TestProject API \(Pro\). This allows to easy intergration with CI/CD tools for distribution of new mobile applications before executing your automated tests.
* **Sorting** - Test sorting is now supported. You can combine it with the search option to quickly find what you are looking for.

### Fixes

* **Send Keys** action no longer fails with value "ENTER" on some browsers.
* Web tests can now be executed on iOS 12.2/3 devices.
* Fixed some malfunctioning C\# SDK actions.
* Enahnced error messages when trying to execute web tests on mobile **Safari** with disabled Remote Automation.
* Validating web elements will now evaluate HTML escape characters as well.
* Fixed an issue where in some cases iOS jobs were failing due to Appium session errors.
* In some rare cases, reports were showing incorrect pass/fail percentage.
* Android example tests were not compiling on some IDEs.
* Fixed various issues related to test code generation.
* In some cases job notifications were not sent.
* **NavigateToUrl** action was failing sometimes.
* Russian text is now displayed properly.
* Improved **Contains Text** action error messages.

### SDK

* Deprecated SDK v1 - Development with SDK v1 is no longer possible, but addons/tests using v1 SDK will continue to work.
* Parameters - Fields annotated as parameters are now restricted to native Java types.

