---
description: Version 3.4.0 - Release Notes
---

# v3.4.0

## New Features and Improvements



#### Appium 2.0 is out!

Due to high demand from the community, we have made changes in the Agent to support Appium 2.0. Starting this version, Appium is following W3C guidelines for locators, thus you now need to make sure your mobile executions are ready for 3.4.0 as described [here](https://intercom.help/testprojectio/en/articles/5748260-fix-invalid-argument-invalid-locator-error-on-agent-3-4-0-appium-2-0).

#### Headless Edge is here

Starting 3.4.0 the Agent supports automatic detection and execution of headless Edge. This feature includes all of your local Agents and Docker Agents as well.

#### Other improvements:

* Test Re-runs have been enabled on Virtual Agents.
* Restart browser/application will now affect re-runs as well.
* Updated JSON operations addon to support newer parsing methods.&#x20;
* Added data-driven execution using CSV file with format UTF-8 (BOM).
* Updated addons documentation to include Gradle 7.&#x20;
* Added warning message when device web view version is not supported when using JavaSDK.
* The Agent will now notify the user if the Apple device support driver is not installed.



#### Fixes:

* Fixed and improved workers stability.
* Fixed an issue when execution report links are broken.
* Fixed data-driven executions that sometimes did not start correctly.
* Fixed an issue when using a custom locator method that did not always create a new element.
* Fixed monitor progress % to indicate the correct number when running multiple targets.&#x20;
* Fixed an issue with running Android coded tests from the platform.
* Fixed an issue when using a device for execution, the device could not be used on the python OpenSDK.



## Hotfixes

### 3.4.1

#### Agent:

* Secret output fields for secret parameters are now hidden as well in reports.
* Workers can now decrypt secret parameters values when behind a proxy.
* Fix an issue when the Agent was failing to read IE browser security setting.
* TestProject agent can now be started using the command `testproject-agent start `on macOS.

