---
description: Version 0.59 - Release Notes
---

# Copy of v0.59

### New Features and Improvements

* **API** – We’ve added support for project parameters. You can now easily [GET, POST, PUT and DELETE](https://api.testproject.io/docs/v2/#/ProjectParameters) project parameters via the [API](https://api.testproject.io/docs/v2/#). These capabilities can allow you for example to update some global project parameters prior to executing a job from your CI pipeline.
* **Monitor** – Minor UI updates. When new items appear in the **latest & upcoming** monitor sections, they are now briefly highlighted to allow easy identification.
* **Projects** – Due to the fact that deleting a project is an irreversible operation, we’ve added an additional confirmation step to prevent unintentional deletions.

### Fixes

* **Addons** - Trending addons were sometimes displaying duplicates.
* **Agents** – In some cases agents failed to detect certain mobile devices.
* **Chat** – We’ve added the option to temporary minimize our chat icon in case it is obscuring some parts of the UI.&#x20;
* **Code Generation** – Fixed generation of java code for some tests.
* **Execution** – Backslashes were removed from data source files when executing.
* **Execution** - Steps were reported as "Failed" instead of "Skipped" when agent is being closed while executing a test/job.
* **Execution** - Test execution gauge wasn’t disappearing when test is aborted.
* **Execution** - Wrong error message was displayed when executing iOS tests when apple account is not configured.
* **Jobs** - Tests count was not updated after deleting a test from outside a job.
* **Projects** - After creating a new project it was not appearing in the projects list until a refresh.
* **Recorder** - iOS DOM parsing was incomplete in case it contained labels with multiple line brakes.
* **Recorder** - iOS recorder failed to save elements (from the context menu) in some case.
* **Recorder** - Searching for "text" was returning empty results sets.
* **Recorder** – Searching for elements was yielding no results in some rare cases.
* **Reports** – Device names was truncated for long device names.
* **Reports** - Execution count is now being updated when deleting reports.
* **Reports** – Jobs with many tests were not displayed properly.
* **Reports** – Long test names were truncated in generated PDF reports.
* **Reports** – Project with long names were displayed incorrectly in Firefox browser.
* **Reports** – Reports now appear almost instantly when execution is finished even if the report has large number of attachments.
* **Reports** - Safari browser icon was not shown in generated reports.
* **Reports** - Sometimes failure/success messages were not shown in reports.

### Supported Browsers

* Chrome **79**
* FireFox **70**
* Safari **12**
* Edge **44**
* Internet Explorer **11**

### Supported Devices

* Android: **5.0** (_Lollipop_) - **10.0**
* iOS: **10** - **13**
